Brother, have you seen my electronic organ?
What the hell?
It's what I usually practice with
I used to keep it in the attic where I lived
Oh, that shit
I was tight two days ago.
What was sold?
You sell the crap and sell it
They take up so much space and are so noisy!
It was the only thing I had to study music with.
How can you sell it?
If you sell it, you can start playing the game.
Even your usual salary
Why are you even selling my stuff?
Ah what are you, your whole family is Lao Tzu
I can buy whatever I want to sell
No matter how ugly you are, I will sell you tomorrow, okay?
Are you and your mother really my relatives?
relatives
Relatives, of course.
See you later